It's a civilized project which must reach every human being all parts of the globe, because it reflects the real face of our tolerant religion
It's a great important project in the current era
I was astonished a lot, it is a qualitative leap in the call to Allah, and to identify the  beautiful real image of Islam
We need for this project, which gives great image of the Prophet, peace be upon him
This project has really become The focus of people's attention, I have read and heard much about it.
I thank the Government Of Kingdom Of Saudi Arabia (KSA)
for its interest in such blessed projects,
that clarified the beautiful picture of Islam messenger of mercy
And I thank all those responsible for it, headed by Dr. Nasser Al Zahrani the supervisor of this cultural project
I wish that the custodian bless this project and Approve to have a branch in Kenya